Updated version and build files (#860)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### 1.24.2 – WEDNESDAY, 4TH AUGUST 2021 ###
* Fix: Blockquote - Multiple blockquote post same content after clicking on tweet button.

> * Fix: Table of content - Hyperlink was not working on safari and firefox browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Table of contents - Hyperlink was not working on Safari and Firefox browsers.
```

Reviewer 2: @RajkiranBagal  I'll share another PR for suggested changes. Let's approve this first

Reviewer: Is there any issue in making changes in this same PR @AbhijitNage123 ?

Reviewer 2: No @RajkiranBagal. Usually, we don't make any changes directly. But it is just readme changes so we can do that. Thanks. Updated the branch
